Fix a few bugs (#13)
tarides/irmin.io: data/tutorial/backend.md

- `mem`: checks whether or not a key exists
- `find`: returns the value associated with a key (if it exists)

> A single Redis instance serves all the different types of stores behind an Irmin database. This entails two issues that we have to address in our implementation. First, some functions (namely `list`) need to differentiate between entries of the atomic-write store and ones of other stores. We use two prefixes ,`"obj"` and `"data"`, added at the beginning of a key, to identify the store type in Redis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A single Redis instance provides all of the different types of stores within an Irmin database. This entails two issues that we have to address in our implementation. First, some functions (namely `list`) need to differentiate between entries of the atomic-write store and ones of other stores. We use two prefixes ,`"obj"` and `"data"`, added at the beginning of a key, to identify the store type in Redis.
```
Just a style thing; free to ignore.

    (Irmin.Branch.String)
    (Irmin.Hash.SHA1)
```
We also have to provide a configuration for our backend specifying the parameters needed when initialising a store. In our example, we start with an empty configuration, which comes with  `root` as a parameter. We can then instantiate the store and create a repo:
```ocaml
let config ?(config = Irmin.Private.Conf.empty) ?root () =
  let module C = Irmin.Private.Conf in
  C.add config C.root root

module Store = KV (Irmin.Contents.String)

> let repo = Store.Repo.v (config ())

Reviewer: Is it now possible to set/get a key in this repo without getting an assertion error? Perhaps it's worth adding a line that does that, just so we don't get a regression in future.

Author: The issue was not in the configuration, but in the `add` function: the hash needs to applied on `Irmin.Type.to_bin_string V.t value` and not on `Irmin.Type.to_string V.t value`. 

The empty configuration works here, but I though it is cleaner to show to how to create a configuration anyway. I'm not sure if we should write this in the tutorial, I think it might be confusing, no?

Reviewer: I agree that creating a configuration is good, and that should be here. I was thinking about adding an _extra_ few lines to show the backend actually being used, if only because that check would have could the bug with the backend (assertion failure in `tree.ml` when running the mdx tests). However, it's perhaps not worth having in the tutorial.

More generally, it would be nice to have a solution for testing the objects in these tutorials without those tests needing to exist in the tutorial output; perhaps @samoht's suggestion of a diff/promote workflow would fit here.
